NWChemExBase_Test Directory
===========================

This directory contains a series of unit tests to ensure that NWChemExBase is
working correctly.

The tests are:

1. SimpleRepo : Makes a basically empty library that does nothing
2. BuildLibInt : Ensures we can build LibInt

Testing NWChemExBase
--------------------

To test NWChemExBase one runs CMake in `NWChemExBase_Test`.  This will register
a CTest test for each directory  in `NWChemExBase_Test`.  Additionally, it will
copy the files needed for testing over to the build directory.  After the CMake
command finishes one runs the tests (there's not build or install steps) using
CTest.

Each test is driven by the `RunNWChemExBaseTest.sh` script.  This script will:

1. Make a clean directory for the test
2. Run the `BasicSetup.sh` script to set up the directory
3. Patch the template "CMakeLists.txt" generated by step 2
4. Copy the source files for the test over to the new directory
5. Run CMake in the now set up directory
6. Run Make in the resulting build directory
7. Run CTest in the build directory

Each test must provide two files minimally (`test_name` is the name of the 
test):

1. <test_name>.hpp
2. <test_name>.cpp

These files reside in a sub-folder named `<test_name>_files` which 
resides in the current directory (NWChemExBase_Test).  The header file is 
meant to simulate the public API of the test library.  It contains a declaration
of a class (or `struct`) named `<test_name>`, which has a single member function
`run_test()`.  The signature is irrelevant other than it must have that name 
and take no arguments.  The source file defines what that function does; *e.g.*
to test if the project was compiled in debug mode the test looks to see if 
`NDEUBG` is defined, if it is the test crashes.

Obviously one will also want to control which CMake options are given to a test.
For this purpose each test may also include a `CMakeVars.txt` file.  The 
contents of this file will be used to populate CMake's cache.  See the 
`BuildLibInt` test for an example of how to set up a `CMakeVars.txt` file.
